Overhaul (#20)
probe-rs/webpage: content/blog/release-0.11.0.md

+++
title = "0.11.0 Released! 🎉"
description = "0.11.0 Released! 🎉"
date = 2021-06-23T23:07:00+00:00
updated = 2021-06-23T23:07:00+00:00
draft = false
template = "blog/page.html"

[taxonomies]
authors = ["Yatekii", "Tiwalun"]

+++

We are happy to announce the huge release of probe-rs 0.11.0 today.
It has been a long time coming and is possibly our biggest release so far with over 7 months of development since the last one in November 2020!

> This release sports a lot of internal improvements, bugfixes and ease of life additions.

Author: Quality is the word I was lacking lol ... I tried to figure for a bit and then kinda yielded to my french :P

## probe-rs

Most notable for probe-rs are:

>     - Our flash layouter got a huge overhaul and fixed some issues with ihex files and small data chunks.

Reviewer: Maybe "flash layout algorithm" or "flash layout code" instead of "layouter"?

[Emil](https://github.com/korken89) has been working really hard to make this a possibility and get the probe manufactured even during chip shortages!
If you have not ordered a probe yet, and would like to get ahold one, you can do so on our [shop](https://shop.probe.rs/).

### Automatic releases

We now have a pipeline set up to automate releases of the probe-rs core library and related crates. This should allow us to release way more often so your own tools do not have to pull from master constantly.
At the start we are aiming for approximately one release every two weeks. This is an experiment and we will see how it goes. We believe that we should bring new functionality and especially fixes to you as soon as possible.

Alongside more releases I'd like to try to blog a little more about the ongoing development and curiosities we encounter. Though, to focus more on development and user support I will keep this promise as small as possible for now ;)

### Sponsoring

We put a lot of work into probe-rs, because we believe in it being an important cornerstone to the embedded development ecosystem.

> All of this is voluntary work and we continue to do so.
> But during times when the life at our dayjob is a little more stressful it can become hard to spend the evening putting in extra work hours, which is why we set up a sponsoring possibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of this is voluntary work and we continue to work on it voluntarily, but during times when life at our day-job is a little more stressful it can become hard to spend the evening putting in extra work hours, which is why we set up a sponsorship option.
```

At this point, thanks a lot to all of our sponsors that already contribute a great deal to probe-rs' continued development and support!

> If you love probe-rs and want to see it grow and prosper, we would love if you considered [sponsoring] probe-rs' development. Some of us would love to at least work part time on the project to speed up it's development and improve the quality of our tooling. Additionally, as explained above, we have big plans for hardware based testing to ensure the highest possible quality software, which will impose some monetary cost of course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you love probe-rs and want to see it grow and prosper, we would love if you considered [sponsoring] probe-rs development. Some of us would love to at least work part time on the project to speed up its development and improve the quality of our tooling. Additionally, as explained above, we have big plans for hardware based testing to ensure the highest possible quality software, which will impose some monetary cost of course.
```
